Template updates - Added an Overview/README, support of managed identity (#5897)
dotnet/extensions: src/ProjectTemplates/Microsoft.Extensions.AI.Templates/src/ChatWithCustomData/ChatWithCustomData.Web/README.md

>[!NOTE]
> Before you can run this project you'll need to setup your environment to work with the providers you configured in the template options. See below for the details specific to your choices.

#### ---#if (UseAzure)
### Prerequisites
To use Azure OpenAI or Azure AI Search, you will need an Azure account. If you don't have one already, [create an Azure account](https://azure.microsoft.com/free/).

#### ---#endif
# Configure the AI Model Provider

#### ---#if (IsOpenAI)
## Using OpenAI

To call the OpenAI REST API, you will need an API key. To obtain one, first [create a new OpenAI account](https://platform.openai.com/signup) or [log in](https://platform.openai.com/login). Next, navigate to the API key page and select "Create new secret key", optionally naming the key. Make sure to save your API key somewhere safe and do not share it with anyone.

#### ---#if (hostIdentifier == "vs")
Configure your API key for this project, using .NET User Secrets:

1. In Visual Studio, right-click on your project in the Solution Explorer and select "Manage User Secrets".

> 2. This will open a secrets.json file where you can store your API key securely, add the following key & value to the file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. This will open a secrets.json file where you can store your API key securely. Add the following key and value to the file:
```

   
```json
{
   "OpenAI:Key": "YOUR-API-KEY"
}
```

#### ---#else
From the command line, configure your API key for this project using .NET User Secrets by running the following commands:

```sh
cd <<your-project-directory>>
dotnet user-secrets set OpenAI:Key YOUR-API-KEY
```

#### ---#endif
#### ---#endif
#### ---#if (IsOllama)
## Setting up a local environment using Ollama

> To enable a fully offline/local workflow, the .NET AI templates support Ollama, an application that allows you to run a set of AI models locally on your machine. Note: Ollama is an excellent open source product, but it is not maintained by Microsoft.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project is configured to use Ollama, an application that allows you to run AI models locally on your workstation. Note: Ollama is an excellent open source product, but it is not maintained by Microsoft.
```

> ### 1. Install Ollama & Run

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### 1. Install and run Ollama
```

First, download and install Ollama from their [official website](https://www.ollama.com). Follow the installation instructions specific to your operating system.

### 2. Choose and Install Models

> This project uses the `llama3.2` and `all-minilm` language modes. To install these models, use the following commands in your terminal once Ollama has been started:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project uses the `llama3.2` and `all-minilm` language modes. To install these models, use the following commands in your terminal once Ollama has been installed:
```

(Since for these commands it doesn't matter whether Ollama is already running)

```sh
ollama pull llama3.2
ollama pull all-minilm
```

### 3. Learn more about Ollama
Once the models are installed, you can start using them in your application. Refer to the [Ollama documentation](https://github.com/ollama/ollama/blob/main/docs/README.md) for detailed instructions on how to explore models locally.

#### ---#endif
#### ---#if (IsAzureOpenAI)
## Using Azure OpenAI

To use Azure OpenAI, you will need an Azure account and an Azure OpenAI Service resource. For detailed instructions, see the [Azure OpenAI Service documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/ai-services/openai/how-to/create-resource).

### 1. Create an Azure OpenAI Service Resource

> Follow the instructions in the [Azure portal](https://portal.azure.com/) to create an Azure OpenAI Service resource.

Reviewer: I wonder if there's a URL we could give that links directly to the "create Azure OpenAI Service" page. I think there is but am not certain!

### 2. Deploy the Models

> Deploy the `gpt-4o-mini` and `text-embedding-3-small` models to your Azure OpenAI Service resource. When creating those deployments, give them the same names as the models (`gpt-40-mini` and `text-embedding-3-small`). See the Azure OpenAI documentation to learn how to [Deploy a model](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/openai/how-to/create-resource?pivots=web-portal#deploy-a-model).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deploy the `gpt-4o-mini` and `text-embedding-3-small` models to your Azure OpenAI Service resource. When creating those deployments, give them the same names as the models (`gpt-4o-mini` and `text-embedding-3-small`). See the Azure OpenAI documentation to learn how to [Deploy a model](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ai-services/openai/how-to/create-resource?pivots=web-portal#deploy-a-model).
```

#### ---#if (UseManagedIdentity)
### 3. Configure Azure OpenAI for Keyless Authentication

> This template is configured to use keyless authentication (also known as Managed Identity, with Entra ID). In the Azure Portal, when viewing the Azure OpenAI resource you just created, view access control settings and assign yourself the `Cognitive Services OpenAI User` role. [Learn more](https://learn.microsoft.com/azure/developer/ai/keyless-connections).

Reviewer: Won't they have this role automatically if they just created the Azure OpenAI resource?

### 4. Configure Azure OpenAI Endpoint
Configure your Azure OpenAI endpoint for this project, using .NET User Secrets:
   1.  In the Azure Portal, navigate to your Azure OpenAI resource.

>    2.  Copy the "Endpoint" URL from the "Keys & Endpoint" section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2.  Copy the "Endpoint" URL from the "Keys and Endpoint" section.
```

#### ---#if (hostIdentifier == "vs")
   3.  In Visual Studio, right-click on your project in the Solution Explorer and select "Manage User Secrets".

>    4.  This will open a `secrets.json` file where you can store your Azure OpenAI endpoint securely. Add the following key & value to the file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   4.  This will open a `secrets.json` file where you can store your Azure OpenAI endpoint without it being tracked in source control. Add the following key and value to the file:
```

I recommend we avoid claiming it's "secure" because it's just a plaintext file on disk. The only thing that's advantageous about it is keeping it out of your project source tree.

As a stylistic note, I recommend we avoid using the `&` character as a substitute for the word "and" since it will be less clear to people who don't speak English as a first language.

   ```json
   {
   "AzureOpenAI:Endpoint": "YOUR-AZURE-OPENAI-ENDPOINT"
   }
   ```
#### ---#else
   3.  From the command line, configure your Azure OpenAI endpoint for this project using .NET User Secrets by running the following commands:

   ```sh
   cd <<your-project-directory>>
   dotnet user-secrets set AzureOpenAI:Endpoint YOUR-AZURE-OPENAI-ENDPOINT
   ```
#### ---#endif

>    Make sure to replace `YOUR-AZURE-OPENAI-ENDPOINT` with your actual Azure OpenAI endpoint.

Author: Good catch. I'll make a note.

#### ---#else
### 3. Configure API Key and Endpoint
Configure your Azure OpenAI API key and endpoint for this project, using .NET User Secrets:
   1.  In the Azure Portal, navigate to your Azure OpenAI resource.

>    2.  Copy the "Endpoint" URL and "Key 1" from the "Keys & Endpoint" section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2.  Copy the "Endpoint" URL and "Key 1" from the "Keys and Endpoint" section.
```

#### ---#if (hostIdentifier == "vs")
   3. In Visual Studio, right-click on your project in the Solution Explorer and select "Manage User Secrets".

>    4. This will open a secrets.json file where you can store your API key and endpoint securely, add the following keys & values to the file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   4. This will open a secrets.json file where you can store your API key and endpoint without it being tracked in source control. Add the following keys & values to the file:
```

   4.  This will open a `secrets.json` file where you can store your Azure AI Search endpoint securely. Add the following key & value to the file:

   ```json
   {
      "AzureAISearch:Endpoint": "YOUR-AZURE-AI-SEARCH-ENDPOINT"
   }
   ```
#### ---#else
   3.  From the command line, configure your Azure AI Search endpoint for this project using .NET User Secrets by running the following commands:

   ```sh
   cd <<your-project-directory>>
   dotnet user-secrets set AzureAISearch:Endpoint YOUR-AZURE-AI-SEARCH-ENDPOINT
   ```
#### ---#endif

   Make sure to replace `YOUR-AZURE-AI-SEARCH-ENDPOINT` with your actual Azure AI Search endpoint.

#### ---#else
### 3. Configure API Key and Endpoint
   Configure your Azure AI Search API key and endpoint for this project, using .NET User Secrets:
   1.  In the Azure Portal, navigate to your Azure AI Search resource.
   2.  Copy the "Endpoint" URL and "Primary admin key" from the "Keys" section.
#### ---#if (hostIdentifier == "vs")
   3. In Visual Studio, right-click on your project in the Solution Explorer and select "Manage User Secrets".

>    4. This will open a `secrets.json` file where you can store your API key and endpoint securely, add the following keys & values to the file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   4. This will open a `secrets.json` file where you can store your API key and endpoint without them being tracked in source control. Add the following keys and values to the file:
```
